[11.0 P7] Document `AuthorizationPolicy` and `IAuthorizationRequirementData` support across the product. (#37393)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/security/authorization/custom-authorization-policies-with-iauthorizationrequirementdata.md

This article uses a [Minimal API](xref:fundamentals/minimal-apis) endpoint within the app and focuses on testing JWT-based authorization. For a demonstration of similar guidance in an MVC app with a controller, see the <xref:mvc/security/authorization/iard>.

:::moniker range=">= aspnetcore-11.0"

> In .NET 11 or later, you can apply `IAuthorizationRequirementData` attributes to SignalR hubs and hub methods, MVC controllers and actions, and Blazor's `AuthorizeView` and `AuthorizeRouteView` components, not just to endpoints. In earlier versions, these attributes are only enforced on Minimal API and routed endpoints.

Reviewer: Let's consider removing the mention of ".NET 11" for the (versioned) future part of the remark, and then we'll refer to .NET 11 when describing the prior framework behavior at the end of the paragraph. I also drop in some cross-links ...

```suggestion
You can apply <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authorization.IAuthorizationRequirementData> attributes to SignalR hubs and hub methods, MVC controllers and actions, and Blazor's [`AuthorizeView`](xref:blazor/security/index#authorizeview-component) and [`AuthorizeRouteView`](xref:blazor/security/authentication-state?pivots=server#implement-a-custom-authenticationstateprovider) components, not just to endpoints. For apps that target releases earlier than .NET 11, these attributes are only enforced on Minimal API and routed endpoints.
```

:::moniker-end

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

:::moniker range="< aspnetcore-11.0"

<xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authorization.IAuthorizationRequirementData> isn't supported for authorization attributes applied to:

* SignalR hubs and hub methods
* MVC controllers and actions
* Blazor's [`AuthorizeView`](xref:blazor/security/index#authorizeview-component) and [`AuthorizeRouteView`](xref:blazor/security/authentication-state?pivots=server#implement-a-custom-authenticationstateprovider) components

Support for the preceding is available for apps that target .NET 11 or later.

:::moniker-end
```
